SpringBoot
    Framework is a readymade architecture which consists of set of classes and interface.
    Example: For Backend we have Springboot,hypernet,Spring
             For Frontend we have Angular
Why do we need collection framework in Java?
    To store multiple objects or group objects together we can generally use arrays.
    But Arrays has Some Limitation.

    Limitation of Array:
        1.Size of the array is fixed,We cannot reduce or increase dynamically during the execution of the program.
        2.Array is a collection of homogenous elements.
        3.Array Manipulation such as:
            1.Removing an element from an array.
            2.Adding the elemnt in between the array etc...
            Requires complex logic to solve


     Therefore,to avoid the limitation of the array we can store the group of objects or elements using different data structure such as
        1.List
        2.Set
        3.Queue
        4.dictionaries / maps

Collection Framework:
    It is a set of classes and interface (Hierarchies),which provides mechanism to store group of objects (elements) together.
    It also provides mechanism to perform actions such as:
    ( CRUD - Operations )
    1.Create and add an element.
    2.Access the Elements
    3.Remove / Delete the elements
    4.Search elements
    5.Update Elements
    6.Sort the elements

D/B Array and Collection

Array:                                          Collections:
1.Fixed in size                                 1.Dynamic in Size
2.Only accept homogennous types                 2.Accept both Homogenous and Hetrogenous types of data
       of data
3.No predefined Methods                         3.Many Predefined Methods.
4.It accept voth primitive and                  4.Accepts  only Non primitive Data type.
        Non primitive data types
5.It does not support Generic                   5.It supports Generic


@Interface
#Class

                           @ Iterable
                               ^
                               |
                            Collection